Update legacy Exchange token documentation (#12447)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: exchange/exchange-ps/exchange/Get-AuthenticationPolicy.md

Legacy Exchange tokens include Exchange user identity and callback tokens.

> This switch also specifies the most recent date and time that an add-in was allowed or blocked from acquiring a token.

Reviewer: > most recent date and time

this is not exactly accurate and going to be confusing... the date updates once a week or so. In other words, it has a precision of about a week.

Author: Updated.

**Important**:

> - As of February 10, 2025, the AllowLegacyExchangeTokens switch specifies any add-in that requested an Exchange token.

Reviewer: > any add-in

I wonder if we should clarify that we're talking about 3rd party add-ins... E.g. Viva may still get those tokens (and people may see that in fiddler) but it's not gonna be listed. That may cause them to think telemetry is inaccurate, but the fact is Viva is simply excluded from the whole thing for now as they work on migration. Please check with Paul on whether we want to say anything here about this or not.

> - As of February 24, 2025, the AllowLegacyExchangeTokens switch specifies any add-in that requested an Exchange token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- As of February 24, 2025, the AllowLegacyExchangeTokens switch lists any add-in that requested an Exchange token and if the request was allowed or blocked.
```
